Make buffer of scraped particles available to Python code (#2164)
ECP-WarpX/WarpX: Docs/source/usage/parameters.rst

    If `1` is given, this species will not be pushed
    by any pusher during the simulation.

* ``<species>.save_particles_at_xlo/ylo/zlo``,  ``<species>.save_particles_at_xhi/yhi/zhi`` and ``<species>.save_particles_at_eb`` (`0` or `1` optional, default `0`)
    If `1` particles of this species will be copied to the scraped particle
    buffer for the specified boundary if they leave the simulation domain in
    the specified direction. **If USE_EB=TRUE** the ``save_particles_at_eb``
    flag can be set to `1` to also save particle data for the particles of this
    species that impact the embedded boundary.
    The scraped particle buffer can be used to track particle fluxes out of the

>     simulation. If Python is used to run the simulation ``pywarpx._libwarpx``

Reviewer: Can a comment be added here that the particle buffers are currently only accessible via the Python interface?

    function ``get_particle_boundary_buffer()`` can be used to access the
    scraped particle buffer. The scraped particle buffer includes an entry for
    every particle of the timestep at which the particle was scraped. This can
    be accessed by passing the argument ``comp_name="step_scraped"`` to the above
    mentioned function.

    .. note::
        Currently the scraped particle buffer relies on the user to access the

>         data in the buffer for processing and periodically clear the buffer. The

Reviewer: Suggestion "...clear the buffer by calling warpx_clearParticleBoundaryBuffer".

    If `1` is given, this species will not be pushed
    by any pusher during the simulation.

* ``<species>.save_particles_at_xlo/ylo/zlo``,  ``<species>.save_particles_at_xhi/yhi/zhi`` and ``<species>.save_particles_at_eb`` (`0` or `1` optional, default `0`)
    If `1` particles of this species will be copied to the scraped particle
    buffer for the specified boundary if they leave the simulation domain in

>     the specified direction. **If USE_EB=TRUE** the ``save_particles_at_eb``

Reviewer 2: We usually document the CMake flags now:
```suggestion
    the specified direction. **If WarpX_EB=ON** the ``save_particles_at_eb``
```
